feat: css units in fly & blur transitions (#7623)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/04-run-time.md

* `duration` (`number`, default 400) — milliseconds the transition lasts
* `easing` (`function`, default `cubicInOut`) — an [easing function](/docs#run-time-svelte-easing)
* `opacity` (`number`, default 0) - the opacity value to animate out to and in from

> * `amount` (`number|string`, default 5) - the size of the blur (support css units, for example: "4rem", numbers use px)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `amount` (`number | string`, default 5) - the size of the blur. Supports css units (for example: `"4rem"`). The default unit is `px`
```

* `delay` (`number`, default 0) — milliseconds before starting
* `duration` (`number`, default 400) — milliseconds the transition lasts
* `easing` (`function`, default `cubicOut`) — an [easing function](/docs#run-time-svelte-easing)

> * `x` (`number|string`, default 0) - the x offset to animate out to and in from
> * `y` (`number|string`, default 0) - the y offset to animate out to and in from
> * `opacity` (`number`, default 0) - the opacity value to animate out to and in from
> 
> x and y use `px` by default but support css units, for example `x: '100vw'` or `y: '50%'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `x` (`number | string`, default 0) - the x offset to animate out to and in from
* `y` (`number | string`, default 0) - the y offset to animate out to and in from
* `opacity` (`number`, default 0) - the opacity value to animate out to and in from

x and y use `px` by default but support css units, for example `x: '100vw'` or `y: '50%'`.
```
